Add Discord invite link to README.md and CONTRIBUTING.md (#48)
dermatz/ddev-woodoo-buildtools-magento: CONTRIBUTING.md

## General

-   Make sure to have a working local development environment, e.g. ddev

> -   Feel free to [join our Discord](https://discord.gg/H5CjMXQQHn) to disscuss feature, get help or stay connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Feel free to [join our Discord](https://discord.gg/H5CjMXQQHn) to discuss features, get help or stay connected.
```
